YouTube, it's Chris. Welcome back to the
channel. In this video, I want to help
you guys get the highest frames and
lowest latency out of Black Ops 7
[music] for your PC. Guys, this is the
same engine since Modern Warfare 2 2022.
We've been essentially paying for a DLC
for the past few years. So, I'm going to
keep this video really short and simple
and sweet because it's basically
identical behavior um to the older
titles. Benchmarks are tested with these
specs. Do not expect identical results
on your hardware. That said, you can
expect similar [music] FPS and latency
scaling with my recommendations. These
guides are GPU focused, designed to
reduce GPU load, lower latency, and let
your CPU push maximum frame rate. Tests
are done in repeatable GPU bound
scenarios for consistency, but real
world performance may vary. I can't
account for your CPU RAM strength tuning
or how the game handles CPU load in live
gameplay if the CPU expectations check
hardware reviewer CPU game benchmarks.
While I test on high-end hardware,
similar scaling applies on most systems
unless your CPU bottlenecked. Grab the
config, search free GitHub, go on my
GitHub, go to GitHub game configs, click
in your start menu, type scripts,
click on this one, make sure this
setting is on so you can run PowerShell
scripts. Scroll down, you'll find IWR,
click this to copy the code.
Search PowerShell in your start. Right
click PowerShell, run as administrator.
Make sure PowerShell is running as
administrator. Right click to paste or
control +V. Press enter.
Press four for Call of Duty, then enter.
And press one for Call of Duty Black Ops
7 and then enter. It says run game once
to generate config. Config location is
now app data local Activision Call of
Duty players. No more in the documents
folder. I've already I've already ran
the game once, so I don't need to do
this step. I can just press enter.
Now you need to set your worker render
count to your CPU cores minus one. So if
you have an 8 core CPU, you want to set
this to seven. Now if you have an Intel
CPU with eCores, work out what your
performance cores are. All right? So if
you have a 3900K, 14900 K, you have
eight performance cores, you want to set
it to those. So, if you have eight
performance cores, you set it to seven.
If you have a 9950 X3D, 9900 X3D,
7900 X3D,
7950 X3D, you want to go in bias and
disable CCD1. Just run Windows on CCD0.
That'll be an 8 core CPU. You set this
to 7. Let's say you have a 13600 K and
it is only a six core CPU. You will set
the number to five. Ignore the ecourse,
[music] please. You go to task manager.
See, I have a 9800 XRD. There's no dual
CCD. There's no ecores like [music]
Intel. I have eight cores. Zero is
technically a number. That's why we set
it to minus one. I'm going to set this
to 7 and then press enter. If you don't
know, do a bit of research. Okay. Always
select no for set optimal settings and
run in safe mode. Otherwise, it will
reset your config and you'll have to
rerun this. Press any key, press one,
then press enter. What did that do? All
that did was edit these files here and
change them. There are a few extra
things you can turn down in the config
that you can't in game that will help
you quite a lot for frames. I'm not
going to talk about them here because
it's exactly the same as the other Call
of Duty videos.
You don't want to use the PowerShell
script and you want to do it manually,
that is fine, too. You'll have to go to
this location. So to get to this
location easily, press Windows key R,
type app data, then press okay, go to
local, go to Activision, go to Call of
Duty, go to players. Here's where the
files are. You could simply go ahead, go
to Call of Duty here, download Black Ops
7.zip,
extract the files, unblock the files,
then put the files here. If you want to
reset this config or start completely
fresh, you can either delete these files
or you can go to local and delete the
Activision folder. Let's launch the game
now.
Now, I don't know what's going on with
this game, but it won't let me play it,
which is a joke because I paid for it.
So, if any of you guys have that issue
or you can't play early, join off a
friend. It'll let you in. So, I've done
that. Now, I'm going to leave the lobby
and party. And now I'm actually in. You
can see here I'm in.
Go into your graphics settings, guys.
Please
graphics. Select your resolution and
your display correctly. Make sure your
refresh rate is maxed to what your
display is. This will probably not be
set properly. Sometimes the game won't
set it properly. So, just make sure you
set this properly. Now, a couple of
extra little things that are sort of
cloud-based config or in the other
config file that changes your bindings,
which I didn't want to change. Go to
quick settings. here. I've got them
saved here. So, I want you to find
dismemberment gore effects. Turn them
off. Reduce tonitis sound. Turn it on.
Find the on demand texture streaming
setting, which is in quality.
Unfortunately, we can't turn this
[music] off anymore. Set that to
minimal. The lowest on and the lowest
world motion blur,
make sure that's off. Camera movement,
make sure that's off. Inverted
flashbang, make sure that's on. and
camera and [music] first person and
camera movement because that'll actually
be cloud-based config. So, not the
config can't absolutely do everything.
So, you can find that in here. Make sure
it's set to this.
And if you want the highest benchmark
run, for some reason, running the
highest field of view gives you the best
benchmark run. Me go effects should be
in here.
Turn that off as well. Believe it or
not, I see scaling with that in the
benchmark, too. audio. I'm not too sure,
but I'd probably still recommend
loudness EQ and sucker punch just like I
was in Black Ops 6. It seems to be sort
of the meta moment. There's reduced to
night sign if you guys are sound if you
guys are curious. Now, if you are not
CPU bound and you are GPU bound, so if
you are GPU bound and your CPU can spit
out more frames, but you have a bit of a
weak GPU or you're running a higher
resolution or something like that. When
that happens, it will be worth playing
around with the upscaling sharpening
stuff. All right. So, try AMD FSR. Try
DLSS. Try XDSS. Even try image scaling.
Try different presets. If it gets you
more frames, great. You can use those
until you upgrade your card later. You
won't get as clear of an image as you
do. Um, playing native resolution. This
is actually native resolution. Fidelity
has just adds a sharpening filter to the
game. That's all that does. So, if you
don't like the sharpening filter, sure,
turn it off. This is still native.
Fidelity C is still native. This is just
adding some sharpening to [music] the
game cuz the game has forced
anti-aliasing. Isn't it amazing that
this game has forced anti-aliasing yet
Arc Raiders that just came out doesn't
and yet Battlefield doesn't and they
tend to just want to force it. Now, if
you guys hate anti-aliasing that much
and you want to um disable it and you
don't care about losing like 100 FPS, I
do have a disable TAA video guide um
which is technically using a custom DLSS
file by using DLA in this game and I
have talked about it before and done
videos on it. Okay, as you can see here,
you get this. You use this custom file
and you get this little overlay and you
have to press
Ctrl Alt and F6 twice. Jitter debug
jitter. And now anti-aliasing is off,
but you're going to lose like 100 FPS
doing that. So, most of you probably
won't want to do that. Just add AMD CAS,
a little bit of sharpening, and away you
go. All right, I'm going to put it back
to fidelity CAS. Now, for most of you,
if you have a decent enough card, the
settings, you want to make the game look
better. Turn this to high. Turn this to
ultra. Okay. Textures. Make the textures
look nice and clear. Anatropic will make
textures at a distance look clear. Those
would be the minimal bare settings that
I want the game to look good. There's a
lot of other stuff in here that actually
doesn't help like at all. It's just
rubbish. So, give it a go. See if that
helps you. There's really nothing else
to talk about. It's the same as Black
Ops 6. It's the same as Modern Warfare
2. It's the same as Modern Warfare 3.
Um, we've been playing paying every year
for a DLC. Um, getting scared. So, this
game runs identical to Black Ops 6. If
you're not getting the same frames as
you were as Black Ops 6, um, you've set
something up wrong. Okay? So, just as a
rule of thumb, you can go off that.
Enjoy the config, guys, and I'll see you
guys in the next one. Bye. Optimizing
game settings and config files can only
do so much. Please consider going
through this GitHub guide with video to
cover the basic Windows and BIOS
optimizations. If hardware is limiting
your performance, please check out my
build guide for upgrade and PC build
suggestions. Make sure to update to the
latest graphics drivers or at least the
recommended version from the game
developer or game mentioned in driver
patch notes from the driver developer.
The Nvidia app with certain settings
turned on will cause frame rate loss.
Turn off optimized games and creative
applications. Turn off automatically
optimized newly added games and apps.
Avoid using game filters and statistics.
As far as AMD drivers, I've not seen any
tests, so just be cautious. Game
launchers should have logging, game
overlay, hardware acceleration, and
cloud sync turned off.
Please do this for web browsers,
Spotify, Discord, or anything else open
while you play. Any monitoring or RGB
program causes frame rate loss even
closed. This includes Asus Armory Crate,
MSI, Gigabyte, Azro driver utilities,
NZXD Cam, Corsair IQ, Lee and Lee, L
Connect, and etc. Uninstall if possible.
Services and drivers for these apps
still run even if the apps are closed.
GPUZ, hardware info, MSI after burner,
and etc can cause frame rate problems
when logging GPU power. Close these out
when gaming or turn off GPU power
logging in the settings. If you like
your Windows game, BIOS hardware or
stream setup fresh, tuned, and
optimized, support me and book my PC
service. All links can be found in the
description below. Just check link tree.